the realm where your worst nightmares
live in the darkest nether regions of
your desire there awaits the evil clutch
within these peaceful rolling hills
something breathes something ancient
something evil two young lovers on the
vacation of their lives suddenly must
face the deadliest force in the universe
a demon which will possess them take
their love stain their souls and finally
devour them evil clutch
from the brilliant action director
aundrea smith War II and the talented
young producer on years of Montana comes
a hellish vision of ultimate terror eva
clutch innovative cinematography and
revolutionary special-effects leap from
the screen pulling you right into the
pulse-pounding horror
terrifying ancient secrets have been
reborn with in vivo much the nightmare
that grabs you where you least expect it
evil clutch from trauma